[Core] [Cluster Launcher] Rename min/max_workers to min/max_worker_nodes (#40835)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/cluster/vms/user-guides/configuring-autoscaling.rst

The following options are available in your cluster config file.
It is recommended that you set these before launching your cluster, but you can also modify them at run-time by updating the cluster config.

`max_worker_nodes[default_value=2, min_value=0]`: The max number of cluster worker nodes to launch. Note that this does not include the head node.

`min_worker_nodes[default_value=0, min_value=0]`: The min number of cluster worker nodes to launch, regardless of utilization. Note that this does not include the head node. This number must be less than the ``max_worker_nodes``.

.. note::

  If `max_worker_nodes` is modified at runtime, the autoscaler will immediately remove nodes until this constraint
  is satisfied. This may disrupt running workloads.

> If you are using more than one node type, you can also set min and max workers for each individual type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using more than one node type, you can also set min and max worker nodes for each individual type:
```
